Husband and queen daughter are about to enter
Then he will definitely advance
I guess it must have come through the back door
Who did you say went through the back door?
Jiangnan, don't listen to that nonsense
Use your strength to shut them up
Of course.
I must prove that I am not only
And they win beautifully.
Next, group 10 contestants
No. 2 and No. 4 are ready to debut
Oh.
Oh oh
Liu Wenli is an unknown person
How could you possibly beat the daughter of the fighting queen?
I heard that it has only been two months in the industry
I see, he's just a punk
Go down, what are you fighting?
I must stand on the stage of idiots
Let's see
Before the game starts
Is there anything else you want to say to the other party?
To be able to fall under my fist is your infinity
If you are complete now
At least you can leave this arena with dignity
Ok ok ok
I can't speak.
But my fists can make you speechless
It seems that the shouts of the audience say it all